Refactors remaining ExtData Modules (#1031)
GEOS-ESM/MAPL: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Moved newcfio modules from base into new griddedio directory
    - Renamed newCFIO modules and routines to GriddedIO
- Refactored ExtData modules. Because of the dependencies, the following changes were also done:
    - Moved Collection ExtData modules into griddedio directory. Removed the Ext prefix for collection modules and subroutines and types

>     - Moved BundleRead and BundleWrite modules from base to MAPL_newcfio

Author: ```suggestion
    - Moved BundleRead and BundleWrite modules from base to griddedio
```
